are you looking for a new house on the
Permian Basin hello my name is Freddie
I'm here palm harbor Midland let me show
you this gray stone come on in
home-hobby your huge great room you love
to entertain this is the home for you
let me if you should use tell here show
you this fabulous kitchen and ave los
tenemos is that immense at Faustina con
sus electro domésticos he knows see
Douglas gratis por favor no day in the
Madeira vernos tambien mira este almacen
esta a Norman tiene muchos he goes past
on taspan co para como dar todo na y
seguimos Aquila presentamos a high
everybody's Jeff Anthony the general
sales manager here at palm harbor homes
were excited to invite you into the gray
stuff hey we know one of the biggest
things that we don't like is tracking
dirt into your home one of the nice
features about this utility room is that
you have access into this wonderful
master glamour back have the hard they
work out in the oil field or even in
your yard you can jump into the soaker
and relax or if you're not a bad person
like myself you have its amazing
standing shower with the sitting area
where you can go ahead and sit down and
relax you know if you're not hairy like
I am you won't have to worry about
shaving but in case you didn't makes it
nice and easy let me go ahead and
introduce you to Jarvis hello my name is
Jarvis Morris and around here in West
Texas nobody beats the Jarvis deal now
if you if you're having a long day after
you get out of the shower and you need
somewhere to rest your head come on in
to your huge match the bedroom this
master bedroom is big enough for you to
actually have a seating area so you
don't have to lay in your bed and watch
TV you can
have some some couches you need air
ducts on a sudden there you go you have
your overhead their guns now let me
introduce you to the genome mr. Richard
Garcia if you're looking for home in the
Permian Basin you orient yourself to
come check this out we will not be
undersold visit us at seven to twelve
west highway 80 a melon thank you
you